docs: voyage ai quickstart (#276)
timescale/pgai: docs/vectorizer-quick-start-voyage.md

# Vectorizer quick start

This page shows you how to create a vectorizer in a self-hosted Postgres instance. We also show how simple it is to do semantic search on the automatically embedded data!  

> We recommend to use voyage ai as an embedding provider, to follow this tutorial you need to have a voyage ai account and an api key. You can get one [here](https://voyageai.com/).

Reviewer: I don't think that we need to provide a recommendation. They're already on this page.

```suggestion
To follow this tutorial you need to have a Voyage AI account API key. You can get one [here](https://voyageai.com/).
```

## Setup a local development environment

> We use a docker-compose file to set up a development environment, it includes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set up a development environment for Voyage AI, create a docker-compose file that includes:
```

Author: Good call out thanks! 🙏

> We use a docker-compose file to set up a development environment, it includes a:

Author: I changed the wording a bit, because the timescale image actually doesn't contain the worker and it truly is about the compose file in the quickstart. Hope that's fine with you :D

- Postgres deployment image with the TimescaleDB and pgai extensions installed
- pgai vectorizer worker image

On your local machine:

1. **Create the Docker configuration for a local developer environment**

   Create the following `docker-compose.yml` in a new directory:
    ```yaml
   name: pgai
   services:
     db:
       image: timescale/timescaledb-ha:pg16
       environment:
         POSTGRES_PASSWORD: postgres
         VOYAGE_API_KEY: your-api-key
       ports:
         - "5432:5432"
       volumes:
         - ./data:/var/lib/postgresql/data
     vectorizer-worker:

>        image: timescale/pgai-vectorizer-worker:0.1.0

Author: Note the images need to be updated, not quite sure which release this will be. 

If you want to try this out use a docker-compose that builds the images like this right now:
```yaml
name: pgai
services:
  db:
    build:
      dockerfile: Dockerfile
      context: ../pgai/projects/extension
      target: pgai-test-db
    environment:
      POSTGRES_PASSWORD: postgres
      VOYAGE_API_KEY: your-api-key
    ports:
      - "5432:5432"
    volumes:
      - ./data:/var/lib/postgresql/data
  vectorizer-worker:
    build:
      dockerfile: Dockerfile
      context: ../pgai/projects/pgai
    environment:
      PGAI_VECTORIZER_WORKER_DB_URL: postgres://postgres:postgres@db:5432/postgres
      VOYAGE_API_KEY: your-api-key
    command: [ "--poll-interval", "5s" ]
```

       environment:
         PGAI_VECTORIZER_WORKER_DB_URL: postgres://postgres:postgres@db:5432/postgres
         VOYAGE_API_KEY: your-api-key
       command: [ "--poll-interval", "5s" ]
    ```

1. **Start the services**
   ```shell
    docker compose up -d
    ```

## Create and run a vectorizer

Now we can create and run a vectorizer. A vectorizer is a pgai concept, it processes data in a table and automatically creates embeddings for it.

> 1. **Connection to the database in your local developer environment**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Connect to the database in your local developer environment**
```
